Io ho 23 anni Nanana nana
Oh yes I like that pizza pie song,
Oh mamma mia hahaha haha
All this pizza pie all over the studio stop it
Please eat spaghetti with mozzarella
Spaghetti bolonnaise

We used to be engaged but then you left me
Without giving any plausible explanation.
No, it is not true
You just dont understand the female universe,
My extreme sensitivity
Is the opposite of your Italian stallion materialism.
Nevertheless...
Darling I love you - Im feeling quite confused
Darling I love you - I need to be alone
Darling I love you - Ive just broken up with a guy
After three years
Darling I love you - I dont want to feel tied down
Darling I love you... Ok,

Lets eat some pizza pie, come on!

Stay home - I want to be free
Go out with whoever you like - You never care about what I do
I'd like to squeeze your tits - You pig!
I'd never touch you not even with a flower -You homo
I take drugs, and blaspheme, and I hit children and ignore you - I love you bastard
I work my ass off 14 hours a day to support you and I listen to you - I'm leaving you for a junkie who does nothing all day, who blasphemes and hits children and ignores everything else me included, my pizza pie
I'll put on a rubber - I feel maternal
I feel paternal - Put on a rubber
Darling I love you - Im feeling quite confused
Darling I love you - I need to be alone
Darling I love you - Ive just broken up with an Italian stallion after three years
Darling I love you - I dont want no spaghetti
Darling I love you... Hahahaha DO IT BETTER!
DO IT BETTER!
I'm staying home - You oppress me
I'm going out - This house is not a hotel
I'll rub your belly with a cube of ice dipped in Cointreau, then I'll blindfold you and screw you - Im not a whore!
Ok then in the missionary position me on top and you below - How boring!
Hahahaha
I am the Italian stallion - I want to be kissed
I am the French stallion - Lets go to the southern pacific and have an anal explosion

Ok booom
Hahaha
Mani pulite

Darling I love you - Im feeling quite confused
Darling I love you - I need to be loved
Darling I love you - Ive just broken up with a guy after three years
Darling I love you - I dont want to eat spaghetti anymore
Darling I love you
Io ho 23 anni
And now lets unite our bodies in the supreme ecstasy of loves perfection
Oh no - why? - because when I was thirteen years old my cousin showed me his thing and it has traumatized me ever since,
Nevertheless we can cuddle in bed all night without doing anything and itll be beautiful all the same.
I'll stick it up your ass - Yes, OK, do it now, dont wait.
Would you go out with me tomorrow night?
Eh, Im a little tired and I think I might have another date.
Thats OK I can always hang out with my friends
I am free tonight
Lets talk about sex - I have a need for affection
Lets talk about affection - Lets screw
I am the way I am - I wish youd try to change
There you go I've changed - You're not the same as you used to be
You're my possession - The uterus is mine
Hahahaha
Cappuccino
Here's the money for that new fur coat - Heres my uterus

Hahahaha pizza pie mozzarella
When the moon hits the sky
And so Thats Amore,
Signorina io ho 23 anni